I have a Maca color and a too full yellow color.
It's just that it's unexpectedly a bit long.
Thank you, you are really being joked about.
I think I can help some newbies.
Every one is the same, I will come back to welcome you.
And it’s too yellow and black, let me let you fall in his arms,
It was you who helped me. These, the words they come out are given to you.
That's just to help me.
And you help me install it and follow us later.
Ah, there must be someone else.
Help me to install it for you.
Just because there was a problem before, it doesn't matter to you.
I thought, it turns out you are the one who needs to help me.
Come on, what did you hear? Did you hear it right? Dad said it.
Every day he hits the president
Real weight
Let's talk about the president
That's why my dad is stronger than you.
What are you doing all by yourself?
How many pounds did you weigh at birth?
Really easy to reduce
You tell me, he tells me